feature: adding fct_patient_conditions model with corresponding yaml … (#17)
mkryed/dbt_demo_healthcare: models/marts/core/_core_docs.md

# Model-level descriptions
{% docs fct_patient_conditions %}

> A fact table connectingn all patinent data to all conditions data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fact table connecting patient data to conditions data.
```

# Model-level descriptions
{% docs fct_patient_conditions %}
A fact table connecting patient data to conditions data.
{% enddocs %}

{% docs patient_conditions_key %}

> Unique surrogate key to the fct_patient_conditions table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique surrogate key to the fct_patient_conditions table composed of condition_id and patient_id.
```
